it's a parent bug and she is a peerless
mother hell like she sits astride her
eggs on the leaves of a birch tree not
budging while the young hatch beneath
her the little bugs cluster together
under her body for sustenance and
protection danger threatens ants would
steal all her babies given a chance she
uses threatening movements and gives off
a nasty smell to drive them off she's
not going to give up without a fight
the ants return for another go but she's
determined even a squirt of formic acid
in the face won't put her off
the young bugs grow and shed their skins
and still she stands unflagging Li by
the young dispose of their moated skins
left hanging around they might draw the
attention of predators
once they're big enough to move further
afield she leads them around on the
search for edible birch seeds they
travel along the twigs in convoy
following her scented trail and keeping
in touch using their antennae but they
will soon be able to manage without her
she leave them long before they're fully
grown but for an insect the early care
she has given them is remarkable